can I get to the Breaking Bad tonight racing down the underwater signals that seemed to indicate the missing jumbo jet
taking the stand and emotional Oscar Pistorius speaks directly to the parents of the woman he killed
family emergency a baby need of help the US Navy goes to the rescue and now the backlash against 2 para sailing around the world with two small children
can the epidemic destroying limes and families across our country denied a powerful personal looking for growing tall of heroin addiction also tonight on Hollywood legend has been lost nightly news now
this is NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
good evening its now been one month since flight 370 was last heard from Amwell the cable news coverage has called it breaking news for 30 days now
the first real break a med midday Monday in Australia with word that the underwater sounds that vessels are picking up are consistent with the sounds
off the emergency beacon on a submerged widebody jetliner if this is indeed the wreckage it is several miles down and another long process will now begin but first
the race to confirm a fading sounds deep in the ocean we begin our coverage tonight NBC is Tom Costello
ocean shield picture of something that sounds like this
underwater pinger attached
cost of pole for 2 hours 20 minutes before losing the signal will it take to settle up again at heard what sounded like two distinct 13th Street minutes search Commander say they could be from the black boxes
liquid tights under eyes before the information is available to establish whether these the Texans can be concerned a stain from MI 370
ICNA quarter nothing happens fast
long one of two or satellite connections to Madame possible flight paths
Australian American teams location is 375 miles north of the Chinese navy reported hearing pains on Saturday given the distance expert say it's gone Lykke Li they're hearing the same signal for the Australian American team is cautiously optimistic
would like to be able to tell the family said that we found a location but until we can reconfirm you know we we should not be to optimistic
more than a month since flight 370 vanished search team found crashed not a single piece of plane wreckage on the ocean surface complicated area of the Indian Ocean is 3 miles deep 14800 feet
equipment would be 14 Eiffel Tower statue on top of each other the very limit support the Navy's almond bluefin 21 submarine can operate to map the ocean floor
get down there with you and photograph the entire debris field in Trion isolate those areas were the cockpit voice recorder in the flight data recorder might be located
if they have her the actual pinger from the planes flight data in cockpit voice recorder experts say it could take several weeks to photograph a record
the black boxes Dennis sumersible robot with claws retrieval in a best case scenario the entire process could take at least a month and maybe even longer Bryan
Tom Costello & R Washington newsroom tonight on thanks it's important remember they were 239 passengers and crew onboard this flight and for their families this has been an awful waste again tonight NBC skating in Kuala Lumpur where the flight originated KD good evening
Ryan family members of loved ones are trying not to get their hopes up saying that's with new news briefing it seems like there opening up opening up yet another wounded specially when they don't announce
the plane most of the Chinese family members who flew here to Malaysia demanding answers from official have gone back to Beijing worth today many holes a candlelight vigil mark in one month since the disappearance meanwhile transport official minister
send once again that he is hoping for a miracle a hard thing from NYS here after the Prime Minister told them to
for the worst but brine without concrete evidence that the plane actually crash many are saying there's no reason to give up hope that their loved ones are still out there just waiting to be rescued
gay teacher in Kuala Lumpur tonight running out our coverage of this town jetliner Katy thanks
in this country this evening we are watching another system of severe weather after a rolled through the SE in Covington County Mississippi their assessing the damage from the tornado that hit Burley this morning Weather Channel meteorologist Mike Seidel is there for us tonight
fibroid get into you how does the Deep South beginning early this morning before sunrise I'm here in Covington County Mississippi the results for devastating
Nef to tornado with winters high is 125 miles per hour touchdown on the road community of hot coffee Mississippi in Covington County residents could even react
Illinois a boom trailer repair my toilet fill out public
the early morning storm destroy nearly three homes into the roof off doesnt Moore leaving down power lines in its wake 7 people were injured
Jackson Mississippi 7 inches of rain turns into lakes in force people to abandon their cars
I had to come and knock on peoples doors just to get them to come back to add to cart before the to Commander
the heavy rain in Yazoo City Mississippi created a flash flood sweeping a 9 year old girl away from her parents night desserts continues in Birmingham Alabama the surgeon water stone out sim card in an apartment complex have to be a vacuolated
pictures to send this evening of a reported twister in Eastern North Carolina
na tornado watch continuum
Florida Georgia and the Carolinas
Mike Seidel reporting in the South like a bad weather like from Mississippi Mike Sykes today in South Africa former Olympic track star Oscar Pistorius took the stand for the first time facing charges he intentionally shot and killed his girlfriend reeva Steenkamp last year
an emotionally addressing members of her family
we get more from NBC's Mike Taibbi who was there in the courtroom in Pretoria
when Oscar Pistorius walk to the witness box juicing not to give a testimony on camera use a price of Court fight turn into the family of reeva Steenkamp to apologize
Wikipedia
Huntsman cheese
compose the bridge wind speed does not your fault love
with his family looking on the story a struggle with his emotions killing Steenkamp my farming 4 shot through a locked bathroom door thinking she was an intruder a tragic mistake
I have to f***
things that happen in Knoxville
wake up to being 25
the former Olympic track star Merced to have a short temper and love of guns did they told the court he now lives in constant fear
son of God
Pistorius will be back on the stand tomorrow the only person who knows what happened that night trying to convince the court is telling the truth
Mike Taibbi NBC News Pretoria South Africa
in light of today's testimony we are happy to welcome the newest member of R&B singers family are senior legal correspondent Cynthia McFadden welcome to you and I because this was a big day in this case interview
did he help himself what's so far today of horses friendly questioning rhyme with his lawyer he was trying to present himself as a man of good character comb person
how to get me to the judge what matters most is what is yet to come will you be able to keep it cooler will you show himself to be the kind of person
who could have in a fit of anger
savage Lee murdered his girlfriend
great to have you here we will be watching it all welcome to night
Ematic rescue playing out in the Pacific Ocean a family of 4 sailing around the world got into trouble when they're sailboat broke down and they are 1 year old eat youngest of two children on board got seriously ill
it's all lead to a massive military effort to reach them tonight the families on their way home omits some harsh judgement against the parents
are report on all of its an eye from NBC is Miguel Almaguer
the rescue was dramatic
first California Air National Guard plunging into the middle of the Pacific
the crew Barneys crippled sailboat than whiskey to wear young family bringing them aboard a Navy war vessel turned rescue ship and I think some people like
some people vote for Eric and Charlotte Kaufman the trip again as a journey around the globe with their small children 3 year old Cora in one year old lyrics
thanks for watching and I buy
what nine hundred miles off the coast of Mexico travel 36 foot sailboat lost power and steering lira with seriously ill amazing lyrics doing great um she is responding well
tonight baby lyrics is in good condition and we now know the Kaufmans won't have to pay for the rescue what they face a wave of criticism and outrage on social media
we're all entitled to your own opinion I'm sorry that there's criticism I fink sailing with children is a justmine ideas
tymir Lee over but there is still plenty of drama about this boy
in the open sea Miguel Almaguer NBC News San Diego
steelhead on a Monday night broadcast the epidemic sweeping across parts of this country a desperate situation in so many American cities and towns caught in the grip of pills can I take racing and personal wake up call
he was the biggest movie star on the planet first time remembering the legendary wanna be all by my little bro
tonight here we began a series of reports across all platforms of NBC News examining the origins and growing heroin problem in our country the numbers are staggering Elbert just a five-year period heroin abuse has nearly doubled in America
tonight we're going to begin our reporting in New England because it's a snapshot of what's on folding and communities across the country if so bad in parts of Vermont
shear that states governor devoted his entire state of the state to this one topic the epidemic calling it a full blown heroin prices
we get our report tonight from national correspondent
look past the lighthouses in covered bridges as we drove through we found another New England wear a bucket of used heroin needles at a needle exchange one afternoon measures the scale of the problem in Portland Maine when did you start feeling up
this bucket with change this morning so just from today
parent support each other in Salem Massachusetts
2000 Alero minutes away in the Walmart parking lot in quiet room
Vermont is known as the place with 20 bucks buy a ticket local slang for small baggie of heroin the number of people dying from a heroin overdose
Vermont more than doubled in just one year all over the state there a waiting list to get into treatment clinics like Green Mountain family medicine
the the downhill spiral I was so fast
how much do I have in my life Dr Dean McKenzie says heroine has a grip on this town
after while you're not doing it get high you do not survive
you do not see don't get sick
give his wife dr. Cheryl McKenzie is in the same field a psychologist a live in a beautiful home in the mountains with their young kids to Katonah to Rutland
couple dealers on this road right here on this road with the kid on the road again because I've bought there before
that's right in the Son of parents to dedicate their lives to fighting substance abuse the secret me hooked on heroin while living in their home the boy who did a bookworm
great student join the Model UN High School started using prescription painkillers and got addicted to those what pills have become harder to come by in Vermont
my dealer can get them anymore so I couldn't get them and then as I couldn't get an error when starting to move in
she's a jet engine
Aron and down from there
when Ryan confessed he was addicted Cheryl went through his room
soundowl needles and spoons spoons we're going and I get really thought that maybe we the kids for throwing them out with their plates no that's not really stands for going your doctors
work parents
is very easy to try to put on your dock
parents were just like any other parent who's dealing with someone with an addiction
Brian tells if he's been clean for a year as a blessed weekend love your son clearly I dont like
translate only time she loves the state to work in with other to cross the Rutland community to change what's happening here
everytime we go to a meeting it gets bigger and bigger and that's what we need to see happen people who are the Texans to c** hard ask for help
don't be embarrassed
we heard so many times I swore and right now is because people who started abusing prescription painkillers found heroin
are the cheaper alternatives for families dealing with addiction
resources on our website nbcnews.com and you can share how heroin has touched your life using hashtags heroin in America
Osaka sauna miracle remedy for an overdose but it is not legal everywhere yet so we need a mother is so desperate for this
going to break the law Brian and Chip potentially safe and that's the thing about this powerful reporting this weekend
women along the way to all remind us of someone Kate snow thanks will see right back here tomorrow night and we're back in the moment with the news today about the end of an era
the people who track the status on airline performance say despite worsening on time performance and lost bags complaints are down these days because of an increase in apathy among us passengers who come to assume the performances just going to get worse every year
we put the entire list of airlines on our website for the second year in a row Virgin America was rated best wall American Eagle fell 4 spots on the list and place last
somebody one Smart Car tipping in San Francisco believed to be just a prank and not a broader statement about smart cars if anything of course the bay area is known for being so environmentally conscious but that doesn't stop a group of young man
Spotify 1 witness how long around one of the Smart cars and has a setting it on its hind legs police are investigating
no no one in the industry actually believes that will really happen Barbara Walters retiring as now set a date for last appearance on The View will be May 16 she is 84 she will continue as a
retirement may remain a relative
the 8 month old
tricking of England that the British papers have taken the calling Gorgeous George what does parents in New Zealand all 3 look now the worse for wear as George made his public debut on foreign soil with his mother wearing a color red the park and back to Diana's visit
sex change the traditional rubbing noses greeting they were greeted by one of those extraordinary Maori warriors with tattooed legs and not much else and it was great to see Prince
carrying the coveted kangaroo backpack when we come back remembering a legend on a career
finally here tonight he was durable he out lives in outlast of most of his peers and he was indelible there was nobody else quite like Mickey Rooney and when we learned late last night that he had died at the end of a 9 decades career
NetSpend just about the entire record in history of motion pictures all the way to present day
PL blasted pretty much everyone from what people affectionately call old Hollywood and right up to the end million still picture Mickey Rooney from his early pictures as a young and Susie ask a guy with a twinkle in his eye
back in the day he was known as the most famous teenager in America back when it meant a lot to spend a quarter to go to the movies he meant a lot to Depression era audience
I'm just a very lucky what is a jewel who had the opportunity that God gave me
to be in a business that I adore and love and get paid on welfare
child star was an understatement who was on the phone bill stay Jessup toddler shot his
first movie in 86 when full grown eBay really cracked 53 which was always whine when he was playing young guys with full faces
later in life 6 inches taller Mickey Rooney's life was also rambling wreck interrupted by moments of great success
he made in lost of Fortune several times over Kenny famously spend a lot of his life looking for love he married 8 times Ava Gardner
Mangham on screen has material range from Shakespeare to the modern-day Muppets and he famously played alongside Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth
Taylor and Judy Garland his co star in 30 showtimes I wonder if it's all worth while
in so many interviews for his heart on his sleeve and spoke the truth about Hollywood and AJ
and late in life you enjoyed wearing his world war 2 medals on his chest including a Bronze Star for entertaining the troops in combat zones
he was nominated for an Oscar for time
what the role of the brown M&M in a Golden Globe late in life when he played a man named Bill who spent 46 years in a mental hospital
apartment 1 Everett gets tired of life
I wish I were in love again Mickey Rooney was remembered today as impression irrepressible a man who always found work because it all went back to putting on a show
the indelible and durable Mickey Rooney was 93 years old
that is our broadcast on a Monday night as we start of this new week thank you for being here with us as always on Brian Williams we hope to see right back here tomorrow evening good night